Betty, Lingling and Daming are on the second floor of a museum.
What a wonderful museum!
It's great, isn't it?
Let's go to the animal room upstairs.
I need some information for my project.
Me too. Let's go.
Wait! Where's Daming?
There he is.
What's he doing over there?
Hey, Betty! Lingling!
Come and see the monkey exhibition!
No shouting please. It's against the rules.
Oh no. Daming is in trouble again.
Look at the monkey's tail! I've got to get in here!
Stop! Don't cross that rope.
Can't you see the sign, kid? No entry.
Oh, why not?
Because it's closed.
Yes, Daming. Read the sign.
Oh, right. That's no good.
Well, I'll just take a photo.
Sorry. No photos? See?
There certainly are a lot of rules in this museum.
No wonder the place is empty.
Daming! Don't be rude.
Oh no.
What's the matter, Lingling?
My mobile phone. It's missing.
Oh no. What am I going to do?
Don't worry, miss. Go downstairs to the lost and found office.
They might have it.
That phone isn't you.
I have to find it. Or Mum will punish me.
I'm sure it will be all right, Lingling.
Let's go and see.
Yes. Let's go downstairs.